dfu_multi_image: Add the possibility to save progress (#24217)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bootloaders and DFU
===================

> * Added an option to restore progress after power failure when using DFU multi-image with MCUboot.

Reviewer: Link to the section could be added.
```suggestion
* Added an option to restore progress after a power failure when using DFU multi-image with MCUboot.
```

> * Added possibility to restore progress after power failure when using DFU multi-image with MCUboot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added an option to restore progress after power failure when using DFU multi-image with MCUboot.
```
